Leo: SHOULD WE
WAKE HIM UP?
Luna: I DUNNO... LOOK AT
THAT MARKER ON HIS CHEEK.
WHAT ABOUT IT?
REMEMBER THAT WEIRDO
WHO USED TO CLEAN
THE POOL?
WHEN DAD CAME HOME
AND SAW THAT GUY
HAD A MARK ON HIS CHEEK,
HE FIRED HIM.
DAD SAID THAT MARK MEANT
HE WAS IN THE FACILITY.
SO YOU THINK THIS GUY
WAS IN THE FACILITY
TOO?...COO-OOL!
THAT'S NOT COOL,
YOU DORK!
PEOPLE WHO'VE BEEN
TO THE FACILITY ARE BAD.
WELL... TALK TO
HIS CARD SPIRITS.
SEE WHAT THEY HAVE
TO SAY ABOUT HIM.
WELL?
THEY SAY THAT HE'S
A VERY GOOD PERSON.
THEY ALSO SAY
HE'S VERY SAD.
I WONDER WHAT
HE'S SAD ABOUT.
MAYBE HE LOST HIS DOG
OR HIS HAMSTER...
SHHH!...HE'S WAKING UP.
Yusei: WHO ARE YOU?!
Luna: WE FOUND YOU
IN THE ALLEY DOWNSTAIRS.
Leo: YOU WRECKED
YOUR BIKE.
YOU WOULDN'T WAKE UP.
SO WE BROUGHT YOU
UP HERE.
Luna: YOU'RE HEAVY.
MY NAME'S LEONARD.
BUT PLEASE CALL ME LEO.
THIS IS MY SISTER LUNA,
WE'RE TWINS IN CASE
YOU COULDN'T TELL.
NOT IDENTICAL TWINS,
OBVIOUSLY.
SHE'S A SHE
AND I'M A HE, BUT...
SO, UH...
WHO ARE YOU, MISTER,
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Leo: I NEVER MET ANYONE
WITH AMNESIA BEFORE.
WHERE ARE WE?
CHECK THIS OUT!
Luna: LEO, JUST ANSWER
HIS QUESTION
AND TELL HIM WHERE WE ARE.
COOL, HUH?
IT'S ON
A MOTION SENSOR!
WE'VE ALSO GOT A...
YOU'RE IN OUR APARTMENT,
IN AN AREA CALLED THE TOPS.
NICE, HUH?!
IT'S THE BEST PLACE
IN NEW DOMINO CITY!
ONLY SUPER
RICH PEOPLE
CAN LIVE HERE.
Luna: LEO!
HOW DID I END UP
IN THAT ALLEYWAY?
Trudge: DID YOU HEAR
WHAT I JUST SAID!?
THERE MAY BE
A FUGITIVE IN THERE!
Security guard:
I UNDERSTAND SIR,
BUT AGAIN...
ALL STREET-LEVEL
OFFICERS WISHING
TO ENTER THE TOPS
MUST PRESENT
SEARCH AND SEIZURE
FORM 23-Q,
WHICH CAN BE OBTAINED
BY SUBMITTING
AN A-LEVEL
WARRANT REQUEST TO
THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY
AND THEN, UPON APPROVAL,
PRESENTING
AN INTENT-TO-ENTER...
BLAH! BLAH! BLAH!
YOU'VE GOT SOME SATELLITE
STREETRAT IN THERE
WREAKING HAVOC,
JUST LET ME IN.
ALL STREET-LEVEL
OFFICERS WISHING
TO ENTER THE TOPS
MUST PRESENT SEARCH...
ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT.
SO, HOW DID IT GO?
JEEVES OVER THERE
TREATED ME LIKE I WAS
SOME SECOND-CLASS
CITIZEN.
I TOLD YA', TRUDGE,
YA' GOTTA BE
AN A-LEVEL DETECTIVE
IN ORDER TO GET IN THERE
WITHOUT A HASSLE.
THESE TOPS SECURITY
SNOBS ACTUALLY
THINK THEY'RE SUPERIOR
JUST 'CAUSE THEY GUARD
THE RICH CATS.
BUT THEY'RE NO BETTER
THAN US.
WHAT DO YA' WANNA DO
ABOUT THE KID?
HE'S DEFINITELY
IN THERE,
I'M SURE OF IT.
HE'S GOTTA
COME OUT EVENTUALLY.
THERE YA GO!
DOES THAT HELP ANY?
UH.
NOW THAT YOU GOT
YOUR JACKET ON,
TAKE A DEEP BREATH
AND SAY
"MY NAME IS"...
AND THEN...
SAY YOUR NAME!
HE'S TRIED THAT
10 TIMES.
IT'S OBVIOUSLY
NOT WORKING, LEO.
WELL, IT WORKED ON TV!
I SAW THIS GUY
ON A SHOW ONE TIME?
HE WAS HELPING PEOPLE
REMEMBER THINGS
THEY FORGOT,
LIKE WHERE THEY LEFT
THEIR KEYS AND STUFF...
HEY. WHATCHA LOOKIN AT?
Yusei: THOSE.
HUH? OH!
THAT'S MY SHRINE!
JACK ATLAS IS LIKE
MY ALL-TIME HERO.
HE'S THE GREATEST,
NO ONE CAN BEAT HIM
IN A TURBO DUEL!
N'ONE DAY, I'M
GONNA BE THE CHAMP,
JUST LIKE JACK.
YOU CAN'T EVEN
RIDE A NORMAL BIKE.
I STAYED UP
FOR 12 SECONDS
LAST TIME I TRIED!
SO DOES JACK ATLAS
MEAN ANYTHING
TO YOU?
YEAH, BUT I DON'T
KNOW WHY.
MAYBE YOU'RE A FAN
OF HIS, TOO.
OR MAYBE YOU WERE
HOPING TO DUEL HIM,
I MEAN, YOU ARE
A TURBO DUELIST.
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
UH... BECAUSE
WE FOUND YOU
NEXT TO THAT
DUEL RUNNER.
HUH?
AM I RIGHT ABOUT YOU?
ARE YOU
A BIG TIME DUELIST
IN TOWN TO DUEL JACK?
I DON'T THINK I'M
A BIG TIME ANYTHING.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD TRY
HYPNOTIZING HIM, LEO.
I KNOW! AH!
MISTER!... MAYBE YOU HAVE
ONE OF THESE.
I'LL TAKE IT OUT,
YOU TELL ME
IF IT LOOKS FAMILIAR.
OK...
WELL!?
DOES THIS
RING ANY BELLS?
THE FORTUNE CUP?
YEAH! IT'S THIS
BIG TOURNAMENT
BETWEEN A BUNCH O' PEOPLE
KAIBACORP RANDOMLY SELECTED,
IT'S GONNA BE HUGE!
AND HEY, HEY, GET THIS,
THEY SELECTED ME,
I'M GONNA BE IN IT!
ACTUALLY,
THEY SELECTED ME.
TECHNICALLY,
THEY SELECTED LUNA,
BUT SHE'S TOO SCARED
TO ENTER,
SO I'M GONNA PRETEND
TO BE HER AND ENTER
AND THEN WIN THAT THING!
NO ONE'S GONNA BELIEVE
YOU'RE ME, LEO.
WHY WOULDN'T THEY
BELIEVE IT?
WE'RE TWINS,
WE LOOK JUST ALIKE.
I'M A GIRL.
I'M PRETTY.
I'LL WEAR MAKEUP.
♪ LEO WE-ARS MAKEUP,
LEO WE-ARS MAKEUP ♪
YOU KNOW
WHAT I THINK, LUNA?
YOU'RE JEALOUS.
WHY ARE WE EVEN
ARGUING ABOUT THIS?
WE STILL HAVE
A BAD GUY IN OUR HOUSE.
YOU DON'T KNOW FOR SURE
THAT HE'S A BAD GUY, LUNA.
MAYBE HE WAS FRAMED FOR
A CRIME HE DIDN'T COMMIT,
THAT HAPPENS, YOU KNOW,
I SAW IT ON TV ONCE.
UM... HE'S STILL
IN THE ROOM.
HUH? UHH...
THANKS FOR TRYING TO HELP ME
AND EVERYTHING, BUT...
THIS FORTUNE CUP THING
ISN'T RINGING ANY BELLS.
I SHOULD GET OUTTA HERE.
Leo: WHERE YOU GOIN'?
I SHOULDN'T TROUBLE
YOU GUYS ANYMORE.
BUT YOU STILL DON'T
KNOW WHO YOU ARE!
I GOT IT!
Luna: JUST LET HIM
GO, LEO.
NO, WAIT...
JUST... UH... ALRIGHT!
BEFORE YOU GO, MISTER,
I'VE GOT ONE MORE IDEA.
I CHALLENGE YOU TO
A DUEL MISTER AMNESIA MAN!
HE'S GOT MORE IMPORTANT
THINGS TO DO.
THIS COULD HELP HIM!
I SAW IT ON TV
THIS ONE TIME,
JACK ATLAS WAS GIVING
AN INTERVIEW, AND...!
JACK SAID THAT THE WAY
A DUELIST DUELS
REVEALS WHO HE REALLY IS,
SO IF YOU DUEL,
YOU MIGHT REMEMBER YOU ARE!
C'MON! C'MON! C'MON!
LET'S DUEL!! OH.
DUMB THING NEVER
STAYS ON RIGHT.
THIS IS EMBARRASSING,
JUST...
JUST GIMME A SECOND,
I'LL FIX IT UP
AND WE'LL BE GOOD TO GO,
JUST HANG ON,
I GOTTA JIMMY THE THING
WITH THE... PUT THE...
I THINK YOU'RE
REMINDING ME OF SOMEBODY.
I DON'T KNOW WHO, BUT...
THIS MIGHT BE GOOD.
LET'S DO THIS.
YOU MEAN IT!?
Duel runner computer:
DISENGAGING DUEL DISK.
SWEET!
GOOD THING YOU REMEMBERED
HOW TO DO THAT.
OH, MAN, I'M GONNA
SHOW YOU MOVES
YOU'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE!
EHH...
Leo: AAAAW...
C'MON... UHH...
LEMME HELP.
SO WHERE ARE
YOUR PARENTS?
THEY'RE ON A REALLY
IMPORTANT BUSINESS TRIP!
THEY'RE ALWAYS ON
IMPORTANT BUSINESS TRIPS.
THE HOTEL MANAGER'S
IN CHARGE OF US.
WE HAVE TUTORS AND STUFF THAT
COME BY EVERY NOW AND THEN,
BUT MOSTLY, WE...
Luna: SO YOU DON'T
REMEMBER WHO YOU ARE
BUT YOU REMEMBER
HOW TO DUEL?
SEE, THE THING ABOUT LUNA
IS THAT
SHE DOESN'T UNDERSTAND
THAT NOT HAVING OUR PARENTS
AROUND ALL THE TIME
IS THE COOLEST.
I SEE.
WELL... HOW'S THAT?
UH... IT'S PERFECT!
THANKS, MISTER
AMNESIA MAN.
WHADDYA SAY,
YOU READY TO DUEL?
YOU CAN HAVE
THE FIRST TURN LEO.
YEAH!!!
I SHOULD WARN YOU,
MY DECK RULES!
I'M SURE IT DOES.
HERE WE GO...!
Both: LET'S DUEL!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
THE DUEL IS ON!
THE AMAZING LEO DRAWS!
THAT'S WHAT
I'M TALKIN' ABOUT!
I'M CALLING OUT
MORPHTRONIC CELFON.
YEAH!! THIS GUY'S SWEET!
NOW MY MORPHTRONIC'S
SPECIAL ABILITIES CHANGE
DEPENDING ON WHETHER THEY'RE
IN ATTACK OR DEFENSE MODE.
N 'SINCE MORPHTRONIC CELFON'S
IN ATTACK MODE,
IT DIALS AND RANDOMLY STOPS
SOMEWHERE BETWEEN 1 AND 6.
THEN... I TAKE THAT NUMBER
AND FLIP OVER
THE SAME NUMBER OF CARDS.
IF ANY OF THOSE
IS A LEVEL 4-OR-BELOW
MORPHTRONIC MONSTER...
THEN I CAN SUMMON IT!
HERE WE GO!
[SIGH]
YOU OK?
IT APPEARS THAT
LEO'S DUEL DISK
IS A LITTLE HEAVY.
YOU SHOULD KNOW...
HE NARRATES HIS DUELS.
WE NEED SILENCE
IN THE ARENA, PEOPLE!
THIS IS A CRITICAL MOMENT!
THE CELFON IS
DIALI-I-ING... NOW!
N' IT STOPPED ON 3!
THE CROWD IS TENSE.
LOOK AT THIS!
ONE OF THE CARDS
THE AMAZING LEO HAS FLIPPED
IS A LEVEL 3,
MORPHTRONIC MAGNEN!
THAT MEANS
HE CAN SUMMON IT.
THE CROWD GOES WILD!
[FAKE CHEERING]
AWESOME!
NICE ONE!
YEAH! WOOHOO!
Duel runner computer:
WHEN THE MONSTER CARD
MORPHTRONIC MAGNEN
IS IN DEFENSE MODE
YOUR OPPONENT CANNOT
ATTACK ANY OTHER MONSTER
EXCEPT THIS ONE.
NEXT I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
AND NOW...
WILL MR. AMNESIA MAN
RISE TO THE CHALLENGE?
SOMETIMES I CAN'T BELIEVE
I'M RELATED TO HIM.
I HOPE THIS JOGS
MY MEMORY.
I SUMMON SPEED WARRIOR.
AND DURING
THE WHOLE TURN
THAT SPEED WARRIOR IS
SUMMONED TO THE FIELD...
ITS ATTACK POINTS
ARE DOUBLED!
THEY'RE DOUBLED!?
THAT'S RIGHT!
CELFON IS DOOMED!!
BUT, WAIT, WHAT'S THIS,
LADIES AND GENTS?!
THE AMAZING LEO
ACTIVATES A TRAP CARD!
BUT WILL IT BE ENOUGH?!
AMAZING!... LEO USED
HIS MORPHTRANSITION TRAP
TO PUT HIS MORPHTRONIC
MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE
SO HE COULD
BLOCK THE ATTACK!
I THINK MY MEMORY'S
COMING BACK.
LOOKS LIKE LEO'S
ALREADY ON THE PATH
TO VICTORY, PEOPLE,
THERE'S NO
DEFEATING HIM!
IT'S A LITTLE EARLY
TO GET COCKY.
JUST YOU WAIT!
YOU'RE GONNA END
YOUR TURN NOW, RIGHT?
I AM.
WELL IN THAT CASE...
I'M UP!
I DRAW...!
MAYBE YOU NEED
A SMALLER DUEL DISK.
NO I DON'T!
FROM MY HAND... I SUMMON
ANOTHER MORPHTRONIC MAGNEN!
BUT THIS TIME,
IT'S IN DEFENSE MODE!
ADMIT IT,
THAT'S PRETTY AWESOME!
WHEN THERE'S ONE MAGNEN
ON THE FIELD IN DEFENSE MODE,
YOU CAN'T ATTACK
ANY OTHER MONSTER,
BUT THIS IS AN EVEN BETTER
DEFENSE SYSTEM
BECAUSE NOW ON THE FIELD
I'VE GOT 2 MAGNENS!
WHICH MEANS... I'M INVISIBLE!
I THINK YOU MEANT TO SAY
THAT YOU'RE INVINCIBLE.
Policeman: THE STREETS
ARE BLOCKED.
Second policeman:
GET INTO POSITION!
PUT YOUR SQUAD
ON THE WEST GATE.
CHECK EVERYONE
LEAVING THE BUILDING.
OLD LADIES, EVERYONE!
Policeman: GOT IT!
[THINKING] THOSE SECTOR
SECURITY GOONS HAVE GOT
THE BUILDING SURROUNDED.
AND IF YOU DON'T FIGURE
A WAY OUT, YUSEI?
YOU'RE GOING BACK TO
THE FACILITY FOR GOOD.
Leo: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
THIS IS INCREDIBLE!
IF MR. AMNESIA MAN
TRIES TO ATTACK
THE FIRST MAGNEN...
THE SECOND MAGNEN
WILL ABSORB THE ATTACK!
IF HE TRIES TO ATTACK
THE SECOND MAGNEN...
THE FIRST MAGNEN WILL
ABSORB THE ATTACK!
IT'S MAGNELOCK!
MR. AMNESIA MAN
HAS NO HOPE WHATSOEVER
OF BREAKING THROUGH
LEO'S DEFENSE!
THE UNSTOPPABLE LEO
IS DRIVING THE CROWD
TOTALLY CRAZY!
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT.
NOW I'M GOING TO
USE CELFON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY AGAIN!
CELFON IS DIALING, NOW!
WHAT'S IT GONNA BE,
WHERE'S IT GONNA STOP?
AND IT'S A 2!
WHICH MEANS LEO
CAN DRAW 2 CARDS.
AND AGAIN, HE'S GOT
A MORPHTRONIC
THAT QUALIFIES!
HE SUMMONS
DIRECTLY TO THE FIELD...
MORPHTRONIC DATATRON
IN ATTACK MODE!
THAT'S ONLY THE BEGINNING
OF THE AWESOMENESS!
FROM MY HAND, I ACTIVATE
THE GADGET BOX SPELL CARD!
N'THANKS TO THIS
BADBOY OF A CARD,
I'M NOW ABLE TO SUMMON OUT
ONE GADGET TOKEN
ONCE EVERY TURN!
SO HERE COMES THE FIRST!
HOW DOES HE THINK
A MONSTER
WITH NO ATTACK POINTS
AND NO DEFENSE POINTS
IS GONNA HELP?
I'VE GATHERED
ALL THE PARTS!
NOW FOR DATATRON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
BY RELEASING ONE MONSTER
FROM THE FIELD,
I CAN HAVE DATATRON DISH OUT
600 POINTS OF DIRECT DAMAGE.
SO BY REMOVING
MY GADGET TOKEN...
I CAN NOW ATTACK YOU!
GO DATATRON
CORRUPTOR CANNON!
HE USES WEAKER MONSTERS
IN WAYS YOU WOULDN'T EXPECT.
THAT REMINDS ME OF...
I SUMMON SONIC CHICK
IN DEFENSE MODE.
I SUMMON OUT
SPEED WARRIOR.
I SUMMON QUILL BOLT HEDGEHOG
IN DEFENSE MODE.
I DID IT I DID IT
I DID IT!
I TOLD YOU THAT COMBO
COULD WORK, LUNA,
BUT YOU DIDN'T THINK
I COULD PULL IT OFF,
BUT I DID IT!
THE CROWD'S GOING CRAZY
FOR LEO'S
SPECTACULAR
MORPHTRONIC DECK!
ISN'T IT THE END
OF YOUR TURN NOW?
OH YEAH, UH...
GOT CARRIED AWAY.
MAKE YOUR MOVE,
MR. AMNESIA MAN.
WHAT'S THE STATUS
ON THE FORTUNE CUP?
THE INVITATIONS WERE
MAILED OUT AS REQUESTED.
ONLY ONE REMAINS UNSENT.
[GIGGLES]
I ASSUME THAT ONE
IS YUSEI'S.
WHERE IS HE?
HE RECOVERED HIS RUNNER.
BUT WHEN HE DID, THAT
OFFICER TRUDGE WAS THERE
AND HE CHASED YUSEI
TO THE TOPS.
NOW TRUDGE HAS
THE PLACE SURROUNDED.
WASN'T TRUDGE
TOLD TO BACK OFF?
SOME PEOPLE
JUST DON'T LISTEN.
PERHAPS I SHOULD
GO TO HIM IN PERSON
AND REMIND HIM
WHO'S IN CHARGE
BEFORE THIS... "SITUATION"
GETS OUT OF HAND.
IT'S MY TURN.
I SEND ONE CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO ACTIVATE
THE CARD ROTATOR
SPELL CARD.
WHAT'S THAT DO?
WELL CARD ROTATOR
CHANGES THE BATTLE MODE
OF EVERY MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD.
HUH?! AS IN
ALL OF 'EM?
THAT'S RIGHT.
AAAH!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
WE'RE SEEING
AN AWFUL TURNAROUND!
THE MAGNIFICENT LEO...
[SIGH]
STOP NARRATING, LEO!
JUST FOCUS ON
STAYING IN THE DUEL.
BUT I'M TOAST!
Yusei: NOT YET.
BUT AFTER I SUMMON
JUNK SYNCHRON,
YOU MIGHT BE.
I AM TOTALLY GONNA LOSE.
WELL WITH JUNK SYNCHRON
IN PLAY...
I CAN SUMMON A LEVEL
2-OR-BELOW MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
IN DEFENSE MODE.
SO I SUMMON
TO THE FIELD...
NITRO SYNCHRON.
THIS MEANS HE CAN
SYNCHRO SUMMON
A LEVEL 7 MONSTER NOW.
NUH-UH.
YEAH HUH.
HE'S GOT A LEVEL 3...
A LEVEL 2...
AND ANOTHER LEVEL 2!
IF YOU ADD THEM UP
YOU GET 7
WHICH BRINGS OUT A LEVEL 7
SYNCRO MONSTER!
TRUE, EXCEPT THAT IN ORDER
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON,
I CAN ONLY USE ONE TUNER.
HUH?
JUNK SYNCHRON
AND NITRO SYNCHRON
ARE TUNER MONSTERS,
SO HE CAN'T USE
BOTH OF 'EM.
WATCH AND LEARN.
I TUNE JUNK SYNCHRON
WITH MY SPEED WARRIOR
IN ORDER TO BRING OUT
JUNK WARRIOR!
WOAH MAN!..
THAT'S PRETTY COOL.
AND NEXT, I TUNE
MY NITRO SYNCHRON
WITH MY JUNK WARRIOR.
NOW I'M GOING TO
REV IT UP...
WITH ONE OF
MY FAVORITES!...
NITRO WARRIOR!
Duel runner computer:
NITRO WARRIOR IS A LEVEL 7
FIRE ATTRIBUTE SYNCHRO MONSTER
WITH 2800 ATTACK POINTS
AND 1800 DEFENSE POINTS.
YOU SAID "ONE OF
YOUR FAVORITES!"
DOES THAT MEAN YOU REMEMBER
WHO YOU ARE?!
DID IT WORK,
I KNEW IT WOULD,
I KNEW IT!
I WAS... HUH?
HEY LEO... GET READY!
CAUSE MY NITRO WARRIOR'S
DEMAGNETIZING
YOUR MAGNEN.
Yusei: I SURE HOPE
THE AMAZING LEO
IS READY FOR
AN AMAZING MOVE
BY MY NITRO WARRIOR!
THE CROWD
ISN'T LIKING THIS.
WELL THEN THE CROWD
DEFINITELY WON'T LIKE
NITRO'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
SEE WHEN IT DESTROYS
A MONSTER IN BATTLE...
IT CAN SWITCH
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
IN DEFENSE MODE
TO ATTACK MODE...
AND THEN IT CAN BATTLE
AGAINST THAT MONSTER.
EHH!
SO I'M SWITCHING
YOUR CELFON
BACK TO ATTACK MODE.
NO WAY!
SORRY BUT YES WAY!
NITRO WARRIOR...
ATTACK CELFON...
WITH DYNAMITE CRUNCH!
AAAH!
LEO... DON'T CRY
WHEN YOU LOSE.
I'M NOT CRYING!
YEAH DON'T BE UPSET,
DUELING WITH YOU
HELPED ME TO REMEMBER
WHO I REALLY AM.
SO THANKS...
THANKS FOR HELPING ME
TO GET MY MEMORY BACK.
NOW HOW ABOUT I GIVE YOU
A COUPLE OF POINTERS
TO SAY THANK YOU
FOR HELPING ME OUT LEO?
SEE YOU'RE A REALLY
GOOD DUELIST
BUT BY SENDING ALL
YOUR TIME AND ENERGY
GETTING YOUR MONSTERS
WHERE YOU WANTED
THEM TO BE...
YOU DIDN'T LEAVE
ROOM TO ANTICIPATE
ANY COUNTER-ATTACKS.
YOUR MORPHTRONIC
MONSTERS CAN ADAPT.
NOW YOU JUST NEED
TO LEARN HOW TO DO
THE SAME.
JACK ATLAS
CERTAINLY CAN.
I THOUGHT YOU DID
REALLY GOOD, LEO.
SO UM...
ARE YOU GONNA
TELL US WHO YOU ARE?
I'M NOT SURE
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
OH, COME ON!
PLEEEEAAAAASE!
YOU SEE THIS MARKER?
TRUST ME, THE LESS
YOU KNOW ABOUT ME,
THE SAFER YOU'LL BE.
OK, BUT... IF I DON'T
KNOW WHO YOU ARE,
THEN HOW CAN I BE
YOUR FRIEND?
I THINK THAT'S
KINDA THE POINT, LEO,
HE'S SAYING HE CAN'T
BE OUR FRIEND.
YES HE CAN!
AT LEAST CRASH WITH US
FOR THE NIGHT, MISTER,
IT'S GETTING LATE.
THAT'LL BE AWESOME!
AND THEN MAYBE
IN THE MORNING
YOU CAN TELL US
WHO YOU ARE!
Luna: LEO.
WHAT?
[YAWN]
Trudge: JUST COME OUT
ALREADY, YUSEI.
[SNORING]
Yusei: I HATE TO DUEL
AND DASH YOU TWO,
BUT IT'S FOR YOUR OWN GOOD.
IF I STICK AROUND HERE
YOU'LL ONLY GET IN TROUBLE.
I WAS STARTING TO THINK
YOU DIDN'T LIKE ME!
I'M HERE TO TAKE YOU
IN YUSEI!
MAN, THAT GUY
NEVER GIVES UP.
SO YOU GONNA COME QUIETLY?
THAT'S WHAT I WAS HOPING
YOU'D... WHAT THE...!?
AND THE PLOT THICKENS.
OFFICER TRUDGE?
AREN'T YOU SUPPOSED
TO BE GUARDING
THE CANDLES
N' CALENDARS KIOSK
AT THE OUTER RIM MALL?
I DIDN'T GET YOUR NAME,
SHORT STACK.
SPECIAL DEPUTY LAZAR.
I WORK FOR
THE DIRECTOR GENERAL.
AND I OUTRANK YOU.
SORRY...[GIGGLES]
HOW COME I'VE
NEVER HEARD OF YOU?
I'M ON
OFFICIAL BUSINESS,
OFFICER TRUDGE.
I WOULD ADVISE YOU
TO LEAVE THE AREA
IMMEDIATELY.
THIS PUNK'S A MENACE,
HE STOLE THAT DUEL RUNNER
FROM THE IMPOUND CENTER,
HE'S A...
OFFICER...
THERE'S VERY LITTLE ROOM
IN THIS CITY
FOR STREET-BEAT COPS
WHO DON'T
KNOW THEIR PLACE
OR WHEN TO SHUT
THEIR MOUTHS.
SO WHAT "OFFICIAL BUSINESS"
ARE YOU ON?
DELIVERY.
FOR MISTER YUSEI FUDO.
WE'D LIKE FOR YOU
TO PARTICIPATE
IN THE FORTUNE CUP.
IF YOU REFUSE,
THE 4 PEOPLE YOU SEE
IN THAT PHOTOGRAPH
WILL PAY THE PENALTY
FOR THE ROGUE ACTIONS
YOU TOOK IN OBTAINING
THAT RUNNER.
HAVE A GOOD EVENING.
[CHUCKLES]